IMMA JUST HAVE THE WHOLE CONCEPT HERE:
**non eclipse avatar features:**
- eclipse idol: when 3 players bind themselves to the idol makes the next person who clicks on it achieve avatar of the eclipse transformation. also makes all bound players become lackeys.
- Sacrificial Daggers: when used on an eclipse idol removes two hearts of maximum hp from the user and binds them to the idol.
- Eldritch Shackle: when used binds the eclipse avatar with golden chains on their arms and legs, while bound the eclipse avatar cannot move and their attack damage is slowed down by 80% crafted with eight shackle shards (i'll do a scavenger hunt for these)
- **Eclipse Avatar:**
- general changes: the eclipse avatar has 30 hearts however it cannot eat or regenerate from food. instead it heals from it's weapons and abilities.
- Armor: the eclipse avatar has armor, it's stats are the same as netherite but with more knockback resistance, the armor is invisible save for the chestplate and helmet which are wings and horns and a halo respectively.
- Claws of Decadence: claws, render in both hands (as if you're holding one in your off hand even though you're not). 8 attack damage, 1.4 attack speed. on hit applies a despair effect with golden sparks instead of the usual effect particles. on right click any player with despair loses half a heart of max hp, everyone loses the despair effect, the user is healed by one heart for each player with despair and puts the claws on a cooldown for 10 seconds.
- Book of the Damned: book with 6 attack damage and 0.9 attack speed for the funnies. when right clicked fires a beam of light that deals 8 magic damage and puts the book on cooldown for 6 seconds. if sneak right clicked will cause an explosion knocking every entity near the user back and deal 4 magic damage, also puts the book on a 4 second cooldown. (do keep in mind that lodestone seems to have a beam renderer i don't know where it is or how it works but i know it exists)
- lackeys: the avatar of the eclipse has 3 lackeys which are the player who bound themselves to the idol, lackeys have 8 hit points and deal an extra two attack damage with their attacks, if a lackey dies they go into spectator with a shader that makes it look like they're in limbo. if the avatar kills a player they get a lackey icon that revives one random lackey from spectator mode
